Support slash commands with enhanced-discord.py (#87)
eibex/reaction-light: README.md

# Reaction Light - Discord Role Bot
[![Reaction Light 3.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reaction%20Light-3.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/eibex/reaction-light/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
[![Python 3.8+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8+-blue.svg)](#)

> [![enhanced-d.py 1.7.3+](https://img.shields.io/badge/enhanced--d.py-1.7.3+-blue.svg)](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![enhanced-d.py 2.0.0a+](https://img.shields.io/badge/enhanced--d.py-2.0.0a+-blue.svg)](#)
```

- [License](#license)

## Requirements
This bot requires [enhanced-discord.py](https://github.com/iDevision/enhanced-discord.py) and Python 3.8+.

> You can get enhanced-discord.py via PyPI or GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the required dependencies using PyPI:
```

```

> python3 -m pip install -U git+https://github.com/iDevision/enhanced-discord.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```
